Enterprises are adopting container technology at an explosive rate.
Docker is the leading container technology.
There are several container orchestration services
that help you manage your Docker clusters.
Kubernetes is a container orchestration system
for Docker containers similar to Docker Swarm.
Why are containers so popular?
A container consists of everything an application needs to run.
The application itself and its dependencies like libraries,
utilities, configuration files, etc.
all bundled into one package.
Instead of having to rebuild your application and
its environment from scratch as it moves from environment to environment,
say from development to production,
you can easily move the entire container from
environment to environment without any issues.
Each container is an independent component that can run on its own.
Let's say you have a huge monolith application,
that you're migrating to a micro-services architecture.
The micro-services architecture decomposes large complex monoliths systems into discrete,
individual stand-alone components that can communicate among themselves,
working together, or with external systems.
A Docker container works well with the micro-services use case because
each micro service is its own independent component with no interdependencies.